content/archive/entranceinfo.md, before:

+++
author = "Elias"
title = "Entrance info / Informasjon ved inngangen"
date = "2022-03-19"
description = "Entrance info / Informasjon ved inngangen"
series = ["Themes Guide"]
aliases = ["migrate-from-jekyl"]
+++

*Norsk under bildet*

Welcome to our biodiversity game! 
It is stationed in and around the Arboretum.
The game consists of following hints and QR-codes through a route, answering questions about species, biodiversity and connected topics.
If you want to start, find the stake near the place where the insects can *check in* over winter!

For more/official info about the park, take a look at [the official web page](https://www.ntnu.edu/museum/ringve-botanical-garden).


HERE SHOULD BE A PHOTO
Test

![Thereisimagetest123](/img/arboretum.jpg)


Velkommen til vårt spill om biologisk mangfold!
Dette spillet foregår inne i, og rett utenfor, Arboretumet.
Spillet består av å følge hint og QR-koder gjennom en rute vi har staket ut for å svare på spørsmål om arter, biologisk mangfold og liknende tema.
Vil du starte spillet, dra til dit insektene *sjekker inn* for vinteren!

Commit message:

Fixed entrance info and tweaked front

content/archive/entranceinfo.md, after:

+++
author = "Elias"
title = "Map and information / Kart og informasjon"
date = "2022-04-01"
description = "Map and information / Kart og informasjon"
series = ["Themes Guide"]
aliases = ["migrate-from-jekyl"]
+++

*Norsk under kartet*

Welcome to our biodiversity game! 
It is stationed in and around the Arboretum.
The game consists of following hints and QR-codes through a route, answering questions about species, biodiversity and connected topics.
If you want to start, find the stake near the place where the insects can *check in* over winter!

The game is made by four students at NTNU in collaboration with the botanical garden.

For more/official info about the park, take a look at [the official web page](https://www.ntnu.edu/museum/ringve-botanical-garden).

Here is a rough map of the route, in case you struggle to find the stakes.

![Thereisimagetest123](/img/map.png)


Velkommen til vårt spill om biologisk mangfold!
Dette spillet foregår inne i, og rett utenfor, Arboretumet.
Spillet består av å følge hint og QR-koder gjennom en rute vi har staket ut for å svare på spørsmål om arter, biologisk mangfold og liknende tema.
Vil du starte spillet, dra til dit insektene *sjekker inn* for vinteren! 

Spillet er lagd av fire studenter ved NTNU i samarbeid med den botaniske hagen. 
Dette spillet vil foregå på engelsk. 

![Thereisimagetest123](/img/arboretum.jpg)
